Add docs (#8854)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/guides/security/auth/extauth/basic_auth/_index.md

"logger":"extauth","caller":"runner/run.go:179","msg":"got new config"
```

### Extended configuration
{{% notice warning %}}

> The auth configuration format shown on this page was introduced with **Gloo Enterprise**, release [**1.16.0**]({{ .Site.Data.Solo.DocsVersion }}/reference/changelog/enterprise).

Author: I want to get the link to render like it does from the `extauth_version_info_note` file, but can't figure out how.

Author: @Nadine2016 - do you know how to get that formatting to work?

"logger":"extauth","caller":"runner/run.go:179","msg":"got new config"
```

### Extended configuration
{{% notice warning %}}

> The auth configuration format shown on this page was introduced with **Gloo Enterprise**, release [**1.16.0**]({{ .Site.Data.Solo.DocsVersion }}/reference/changelog/enterprise).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The auth configuration format that is shown on this page was introduced with [Gloo Edge Enterprise release 1.16.0]({{< versioned_link_path fromRoot="/reference/changelog/enterprise" >}}).
```

> If you are using an earlier version, please refer to [this page]({{ .Site.Data.Solo.DocsVersion }}/guides/security/auth/extauth/configuration_format_history/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use an earlier version, refer to [this page]({{< versioned_link_path fromRoot="/guides/security/auth/extauth/configuration_format_history/" >}}) to find the auth configuration format that you must use. 
```

> to see which configuration formats are supported by each version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

{{% /notice %}}

An extended configuration is available that allows use of the SHA1 hashing algorithm instead of APR.

> This configuration splits definition the users from the definition of the encryption algorithm. The configuration with the same functionality as the example would look like:

Reviewer: doesn't the SHA1 example also split the definition of users from the definition of encryption algorithms? if so, maybe change that sentence to: 

The following configuration defines a list of users, and the salt and hashedPassword that they need to use to authenticate successfully. The salt and hashed password are encrypted by using the APR algorithm.

{{< highlight shell "hl_lines=9-15" >}}
apiVersion: enterprise.gloo.solo.io/v1
kind: AuthConfig
metadata:
  name: basic-auth
  namespace: gloo-system
spec:
  configs:
  - basicAuth:
      encryption:
        apr: {}
      userList:
        users:
          user:
            salt: "TYiryv0/"
            hashedPassword: "8BvzLUO9IfGPGGsPnAgSu1"
{{< /highlight >}}

> To switch to SHA1 encryption, the following config would support the same user list (with updated salted and hashed passwords):

Reviewer: You can change the encryption algorithm for the salt and hashed password to SHA1 as shown in the following example.
